Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1021.1.3 (#3165)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1021-2-2-remove-listings-of-groups-created-in-cockpit-in-asset-movement-dialog.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Remove listings of groups created in Cockpit in Asset movement dialog"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Removed groups created in the Cockpit from asset movement dialog in the Digital Twin Manager"
```

> title: "Removed groups created in the Cockpit from asset movement dialog in the Digital Twin Manager"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Removed groups created in the Cockpit application from asset movement dialog in the Digital Twin Manager"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1972"
version: "1021.2.2"
---

> Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking **Move Selected**, the dialog listed groups created in both DTM and Cockpit. The fix ensures that only groups created in DTM are shown.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if users will be able to understand this changelog entry or even recognize the issue as a bug as Cockpit is still utilizing older Add Groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking Move Selected, the dialog displayed groups without the c8y_isAsset fragment. This fix ensures that Asset & Groups with the c8y_isAsset fragment appear in the selection dialog. This change aligns with the[ introduction of the default asset model for Groups](https://cumulocity.com/docs/change-logs/#dtm-1021-0-0-default-asset-model-for-groups) in Digital Twin Manager, where groups created through the DTM plugin's "Add asset" function now include the c8y_isAsset fragment. The official "Add Asset" plugin will soon be integrated into other default applications, benefiting from this fix and bringing consistency across the platform.
```

> Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking **Move selected**, the dialog displayed groups without the `c8y_isAsset` fragment. This fix ensures that only assets and groups with the `c8y_isAsset` fragment appear in the selection dialog. This change aligns with the [introduction of the default asset model for groups](/change-logs/#dtm-1021-0-0-default-asset-model-for-groups) in the Digital Twin Manager, where groups created through the DTM plugin's "Add asset" function now include the `c8y_isAsset` fragment. The official "Add Asset" plugin will soon be integrated into other default applications, benefiting from this fix and bringing consistency across the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking **Move selected**, the dialog displayed groups without the `c8y_isAsset` fragment created in the Cockpit. This fix ensures that only assets and groups with the `c8y_isAsset` fragment appear in the selection dialog. This change aligns with the [introduction of the default asset model for groups](/change-logs/#dtm-1021-0-0-default-asset-model-for-groups) in the Digital Twin Manager, where groups created through the DTM plugin's "Add asset" function now include the `c8y_isAsset` fragment. The official "Add Asset" plugin will soon be integrated into other default applications, benefiting from this fix and bringing consistency across the platform.
```

> Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking Move Selected, the dialog displayed groups without the c8y_isAsset fragment. This fix ensures that Asset & Groups with the c8y_isAsset fragment appear in the selection dialog. This change aligns with the[ introduction of the default asset model for Groups](https://cumulocity.com/docs/change-logs/#dtm-1021-0-0-default-asset-model-for-groups) in Digital Twin Manager, where groups created through the DTM plugin's "Add asset" function now include the c8y_isAsset fragment. The official "Add Asset" plugin will soon be integrated into other default applications, benefiting from this fix and bringing consistency across the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking **Move selected**, the dialog displayed groups without the `c8y_isAsset` fragment. This fix ensures that only assets and groups with the `c8y_isAsset` fragment appear in the selection dialog. This change aligns with the [introduction of the default asset model for groups](/change-logs/#dtm-1021-0-0-default-asset-model-for-groups) in the Digital Twin Manager, where groups created through the DTM plugin's "Add asset" function now include the `c8y_isAsset` fragment. The official "Add Asset" plugin will soon be integrated into other default applications, benefiting from this fix and bringing consistency across the platform.
```

> Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking **Move selected**, the dialog displayed groups without the `c8y_isAsset` fragment created in the Cockpit. This fix ensures that only assets and groups with the `c8y_isAsset` fragment appear in the selection dialog. This change aligns with the [introduction of the default asset model for groups](/change-logs/#dtm-1021-0-0-default-asset-model-for-groups) in the Digital Twin Manager, where groups created through the DTM plugin's "Add asset" function now include the `c8y_isAsset` fragment. The official "Add Asset" plugin will soon be integrated into other default applications, benefiting from this fix and bringing consistency across the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when selecting an asset and clicking **Move selected**, the dialog displayed groups without the `c8y_isAsset` fragment created in the Cockpit application. This fix ensures that only assets and groups with the `c8y_isAsset` fragment appear in the selection dialog. This change aligns with the [introduction of the default asset model for groups](/change-logs/#dtm-1021-0-0-default-asset-model-for-groups) in the Digital Twin Manager, where groups created through the DTM plugin's "Add asset" function now include the `c8y_isAsset` fragment. The official "Add Asset" plugin will soon be integrated into other default applications, benefiting from this fix and bringing consistency across the platform.
```
